What is up guys in walk marks so you're going to be taking up where they are.
This website okay we're going to be adding some more stuff right here.
OK.
So what I want to do I want to just click this and you can see that it is taking me right here.
And what I want to do is that I want to add all the balls straight here.
And then I want to show a sidebar right here.
But first let's have a look at this animated headline.
OK well I want to do I want to drag and drop a tray here and I can see this is coming.
This page is amazing.
What I want to do I want to align this to lift.
OK.
And
what I want to do you
should
not miss these
bowse.
OK.
I want to add here in the highlighted text you can see.
You should not miss.
You should not miss these.
Be a waste.
Yes.
OK.
And I want to add that dot dot dot after text.
So this is what is looking OK what I want to do right here the style is highlighted.
OK.
The shape is circled so you can choose the shape to be how you want to shape and fit one this shape
you can add this shape if you want underline You can also and underline.
You can also add the double.
OK.
You can also add the double underline.
You can also add the underline zigzag and you can also add the diagonal OK and the strikethrough or
the X so you can also let me show you a great example as well.
You
should should be coming right here.
So this is like you should not
you should not miss these post.
OK so this is also a great example.
OK so this is how you can take it.
OK.
And you can also go with the other rotating.
Let me show you how this is going to work.
You
should not miss these OK.
Now I want to add the rotating text here.
Amazing.
Amazing best most viewed
OK.
So I'm just going to add.
You should not miss the post sorry.
This is looking as though you should not miss these amazing posts.
You should not miss these best posts.
You should not miss these.
Most Viewed though so this is how you can say.
You can also add it so I think I like this one.
What I'm going to do I am just going to go to the right here to the style.
The headline is going to be the right and this the enemy killer is also going to be white.
So we can choose to be a bit of gray
OK.
What I want to do.
I just want to come here and I want this to be like gone.
OK what I want to do right here is that I want some spacing to the top.
And so what I'm going to do I'm just going to assign the padding right here.
So the padding is going to be what uncheck this because we don't want to link families together.
And I'm just going to assign this to be 20 pixels from the top and from the bottom it should be 20 not
20 15 or 15.
Fifteen looks fine and I want it to be like 30.
So this looks cool.
It should not miss the most.
Just click here and you can see how this is looking.
You should not miss these best bows.
You should not miss the most viewed post.
This is how it is looking OK.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save and you can see
that I'm totally done with this.
So here now what we want to do is that we want to add here
the whole section where we would be showing all the products all the post here.
And then here should be the sidebar.
So let's add any section and I'm going to add the full section.
OK.
This is right here.
What I want to do a one this section would be the full width let's just stretch it and let's add the
full here so you can see it is coming right here.
I want to call them here.
I want to hit a good column in the column section.
You can see that this is the section right here and this is the call.
I want to head this in I want to hit a column and see two columns are right here on this column to be
here for just two positions each to be 675 by 25.
OK here.
I want all the post.
And here I want this Ibori here.
OK.
So let's get started.
What I have to do right now is that I want to go to this guy right here and then I have to grab first
of all the text that is going to show a heading right here so I want I just want basically some of the
gapping from two words right here.
I want I want to go to the advance section right here and I want to give some more.
So the margin is going to be let's just hit this and the margin on top is going to be 20 pixel.
So I think 20 pixel looks good.
Let's just go with a 30 pixel
so 30 pixel looks a little bit cool.
Ok i think i should go with more.
Let's have the 50 pixel I just created a bit OK.
This looks cool.
So we have a head array here.
And then we have this right here.
And now here I want to grab this text I want to drag it and drop a tray here and you can see this is
right here.
I want to show all posts.
So you can show it this all posts and then dot dot dot.
OK.
And I won the sidebar here.
So about the search stuff and stuff.
OK I'm going I'm just going to click this right now and I want to the sidebars should be the sidebar.
What is the sidebar.
This is the sideburn here.
I'm going to drag it and drop it right here so you can see sidebar is right here.
I'm going to choose the sidebar.
Let me show you what a sidebar is.
If I just come here and I just click to complete will be coarse dotcom.
OK
and then hear what I have to do.
I have to go to the dashboard right here.
And I want to go to the appearance and then midget's.
So in the rigid section you will have the sidebar basically.
And for a blog the sidebar verts a lot and for blog you should be having the sidebar so you can see
that we have a Rite-Aid bar here.
We have a left sidebar.
We have search results sidebar we have footer we after two three four.
So you can add this.
So we have the right sidebar.
So I want this to be right Tabari and you can see all this side where stuff is going to appear here.
OK.
I think this looks cool.
And now here we need to show all the post that we have right here.
So I'm going to come here.
I need to Stylo out of bed.
I want to choose this to be the block because we have a team that we can only use the black and blues.
So black and white sorry ok.
I want to go here.
I want this to be fall down and I want it to be a little bit of creation cool.
I want to come here I want to click this again.
I want to hit typography and I want to increase this is OK.
And here I want to choose the font to be open since I want to choose the fate to be the 500.
So this looks cool.
I want to grab this depost now.
OK.
So I want to come here and here in the pro elements we should be having Dubost right here.
So let's get to this guy right here and let's select West.
Yes.
Here we have the post.
I want to drag it and drop it right below.
So this is right here.
OK.
You can see all the posts are coming.
So we have three columns.
We have post Burbidge on six.
OK.
Now here we want to show all the boast.
No questions asked.
So how I'm going to do this.
So what I have to do I basically have to work on this first.
Let's change this to be like this a Prader V and the dash foot we say the standing.
OK.
I want to go down.
And here in the page anation I basically have to select the numbers so you can see that we have the
numbers right here and numbers are coming and make sure you come here and you saw the post page to be
six columns is this the image is this and everything is this OK supposed support page 6 right here.
You can also choose it to be 9 if you want to.
And you can see that the page edition is coming right here and that's going to take us to the next page
if we have any other till you can see this so it's going to work and we have.
This is classic.
We have the columns we have the post Burbidge we have the image position we have the image size and
then we have the image fit as well.
So now you can see this is working totally OK.
What I have to do I have the query I have to choose the post only post and nothing else.
OK.
And the autobio should be data because we want to show the recent post to the top.
OK so that is why the autobio is date and the order is descending because we want to show the recent
That was the recent post.
If you use the ascending then it's going to show the post that was created first on this blog.
OK.
So this is out.
Now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit Tave.
I also want to do one more thing with that.
We want to add this so I'm going to go to the style right here.
I want to go to the columns and I want to decrease that column.
Now it looks pretty well
yes.
OK.
What I want to do right here is the rows gap should be increased a bit cool or increase it more.
I want to go to the image right here so you can choose the spacing of the image that how you want the
image spacing.
I think this one just fine.
I want to go to the content tray here so you can also work with this to kind and color you can change
the color.
You can change the topography you can.
This is the title basically and typography should be I think more increased the titles should be increased
a bit.
Cool.
OK.
I want to choose the font to be open science.
And there we go.
I would increase the size right now.
OK this looks amazing.
And then we have the vaid.
So if you want any of the bait we can choose the specific bait.
OK.
And then we have to transform so we can also transform it to be uppercase so that every title that we
have should be uppercase if you want the uppercase if you want to.
OK I think we should be using the default one.
OK we go down and then we have this style so you can choose the normal help bleak and then we go down
we go down and then we have the metta.
So this is the middle way here.
I want to change the color to be a bit more black.
Black and everything is cool here.
A one some spacing to the top notch to below.
So I want some spacing to the top right here.
From the title to this one the spacing down below as well.
OK.
And this should be more as well.
Let's use ETAs well here.
OK that is cool.
I want to change the color of the excerpt.
Well let's just make it full block or two normal and then we have the read more burden.
So read more but it's going to be full black.
OK.
Now let's change this to be a bit of Crais change to be a bit of create this is totally OK and change
the title to be a bit of crazy.
Well OK.
The title should be a bit of.
So you can see that
this is coming right here this is coming right here.
So we basically want to give some padding to the left because it is sticking to the ball.
So what I want to do I want to just select this whole section OK and I want to go to
if you choose the boxed Dan
this looks fine.
Yes I think this looks fine.
Or if we choose to be full with
let's use the box and let's just remove it.
OK let's just click here and this is also a cool thing.
But I think we should change it.
We should change it to be more.
I think this much this much looks cool.
Yes.
OK.
So I can see this is how my website is looking.
If I just click it it's going to take me to the page do.
So now let's go ahead let's just click this guy right here let's save and now let's go to our Web site
right here.
I want to go to the visit site and you can see that I am right here.
It sees the logo is coming here that e-mail is coming.
Here are the social links for coming here.
And then the all posts are coming here so you can see the read more tag is also here.
So I can add anything pretty well I can go to the beach too as well if I want to.
And you can see it has taken me to the page to right here
so this is now the second page the third base and every page is coming so you can also choose the different
page anation style if you want to.
If I just come here I select just one right here and then I go down and here it seems to be a.
So if I wanted a different style I can go with the number and the premise next.
Also looks crea.
OK if I just say like this you can see this is coming like this.
Previous And the next.
So this is going to show all the posts like this and the previous and next step is also going to appear.
So this will be the private label and this will be the next label or you can
just remove it and keep only these labels as well.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to save right now and I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit
save.
I'm sorry.
Refresh.
And there we can see this is how it is looking we have to run to three and then we have the premise
and the next step as well it's going to take us to the home page and it's going to take us to the next
page and it's going to take us to the page to right here.
So this is the next page.
If I just click this you can see it's going to take me to the to a page right here.
So this is how it is working.
And we have the most recent post or the most sorry the last post is coming right here.
It's just a hello wall that was created by the Board press itself.
So you can see how for a common sitting here as well.
So now we are totally done via our Web site and we will be working up a bit of discovery here.
And then I'll show you how can you create normal post and you can create it at that elementary.
And then we will be working up with this for a here.
And so thanks a lot guys who are watching this in the next video will be moving on with that.
Goodbye.